have you ever wanted to smash together
the innards of a console and a pc into
one chassis
no
me neither but despite the fact that no
one was really asking for this origin pc
and corsair went ahead and did it anyway
the big o is now a real product that
people can buy today but instead of the
four system behemoth that origin sent to
unbox therapy last year this version
combines a gaming pc with either a ps4
pro or an xbox one s starting at 2 500
and while
i was just making fun of the idea the
way that they built this thing is
actually kind of cool and the more i
thought about it the more i could see
someone actually wanting this thing
and if you want to remotely manage your
devices you should check out our sponsor
all of our ces 2020 coverage is powered
by pulseway the software that lets you
do work without you being at work
that's crazy
create your free account today and save
20 on their team's plan at the link
below
[Music]
so origen actually showed off the
original
big o back in 2010 that featured a
gaming pc paired with a liquid-cooled
xbox 360 slim but the one they sent to
lou had a ps4 xbox one nintendo switch
and a gaming pc all in one giant mondo
case it was really just a concept piece
something to send to influencers so they
can go whoa
that's pretty cool
but the guys from origin told us here at
ces that they actually had a ton of
people asking them to make a more
consumer-friendly big-o so instead of
four gaming systems in one build they've
settled on two which is much more
reasonable just like the prices for our
merch at ltdstore.com
to make this work origen had to modify
the corsair 280x micro atx chassis so
that the console motherboard could mount
to the other side of the case's dual
chamber design they also replaced the
console's original air cooling system
with a corsair liquid cooler to match
the one on the gaming pc side that's not
going to give you a boost in performance
or anything but origin does say that it
could make it quieter than a console or
than a non-modified console other than
that the console components have been
largely left untouched although you can
upgrade from the default hard drive up
to a two terabyte ssd and of course
doing all of that breaks the
manufacturer's warranty but origen says
they're putting their own warranty on
the system so don't you worry now your
console options here are limited to the
ps4 pro or the xbox one s all digital
edition origin says that they would have
used the 4k capable xbox one x instead
but apparently its software requires an
optical drive to be installed so they
went with a lower powered 1s microsoft
do you know what year it is but if you
do go with the xbox version at least the
final price tag will be about 150 bucks
cheaper on the pc side the base
configuration is an intel core i5 9600k
or ryzen 5 3600 16 gigabytes of ram a
geforce gtx 1660 super and a 240 gig ssd
but all of that is upgradable but what's
that thing there an elgato 4k60 pro yes
that's correct so this is where this
machine starts to make a little more
sense than if it were just a console
duct taped to a pc the capture card
which you can add to the system for
another 500 bucks yeesh not only enables
streamers to capture their console
gameplay and easily edit on their pc
without the wires and doohickeys that
might normally entail but it also means
you don't need a separate display for
the pc and the console since you can
play console games through the elgato
capture software yeah sure it's it's not
a problem that many people have but
who said solutions needed
problems in the first place
don't think about it too much origin is
building the big o as the ultimate
entertainment and content creation
machine so it might make sense for a
streamer who wants to also play a lot of
console exclusives or maybe do direct
comparisons between
console and pc versions of games
i don't know
like i said the audience for this thing
is going to be pretty small and then
there's also the fact that sony and
microsoft are releasing the ps5 and the
xbox series x later this very same year
so
buying current gen console hardware that
will be out of date in a very short time
is
it's your money you can you can do what
you want although origin is planning on
making new versions of the big o with
the new consoles when those launch
now i really don't think origen is
planning on selling a truckload of these
they're making the big o for the same
reason we ended up doing this video on
it it's
it's kind of cool
oh no
i'm that influencer i was talking about
but seeing wacky out there tech that
doesn't really make a ton of sense is
kind of what ces is all about
plus if you get a scuff gaming
controller along with the system you'll
now have representatives of the entire
corsair family origin elgato and scuff
so
if nothing else this pc gives you a
chance to catch them all speaking of oh
just a sec
what in the world is linus doing with
the server
nothing nothing nothing i haven't done
anything besides you can you know you
could just monitor all this yourself on
your phone you got pulseway pulseway
helps you scan install and update all
your systems on the go by sending
commands from any mobile device it's
compatible with mac windows and of
course linux so what are you guys
waiting for try pulsewave for free and
get 20 off their team's plan through the
link in the video description anyways
thanks for watching guys that's it for
this video stay tuned for more ces 2020
coverage i have to go because it is kind
of cold and getting dark and i'm scared